Add support for parsing and including a server-generated nonce in SHRs (#3999)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/shr-server-nonce.md

# SHR Server Nonce

> As an enhancement of Access Token Proof-of-Possesion, MSAL Browser provides a way to insert a server-generated signed timestamp (a.k.a **server nonce**) into a `Signed HTTP Request`, also known as a `PoP Token`. These server generated nonce can be added to any token request that uses the `POP` authentication scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an enhancement of Access Token Proof-of-Possesion, MSAL Browser provides a way to insert a server-generated signed timestamp (a.k.a **server nonce**) into a `Signed HTTP Request`, also known as a `PoP Token`. This server generated nonce can be added to any token request that uses the `POP` authentication scheme.
```

Once the `Signed HTTP Request` is sent to the resource server as a `PoP Token`, the resource server is responsible for validating the signed payload as well as extracting and validating the `shrNonce`.

## Usage

Once [acquired](#acquiring-a-server-nonce), server-generated nonces for SHRs can be passed into any token request object as `shrNonce`. It is important to note that the SHR server nonce is an extension of the Access Token Proof-of-Possession scheme, so it will only be used when the token request's `authenticationScheme` is set to `POP`.

### Acquire Token Redirect Request Example

```javascript
const popTokenRequest = {
    scopes: ["User.Read"],
    authenticationScheme: msal.AuthenticationScheme.POP,
    resourceRequestMethod: "POST",
    resourceRequestUri: "YOUR_RESOURCE_ENDPOINT",
    shrNonce: "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IktJRCIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ0cyI6IjE2MjU2NzI1MjkifQ.rA5ho63Lbdwo8eqZ_gUtQxY3HaseL0InIVwdgf7L_fc" // Sample Base64URL encoded server nonce value
}
```

> Once the request has been configured and `POP` is set as the `authenticationScheme`, it can be sent into the `acquireTokenRedirect` MSAL Browser API.

Reviewer: To avoid confusion let's not make this specific to acquireTokenRedirect
```suggestion
Once the request has been configured and `POP` is set as the `authenticationScheme`, it can be passed to any loginXXX or acquireTokenXXX API:
```

```javascript

> const response = await myMSALObj.acquireTokenRedirect(popTokenRequest);

Reviewer: Redirect won't return anything, use silent or popup instead?
```suggestion
const response = await myMSALObj.acquireTokenSilent(popTokenRequest);
```

Author: Going with silent, thanks for catching this, I forgot redirect used a callback for a second there.

```typescript
// Make call to resource with SHR
return fetch(resourceEndpointData.endpoint, options)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(response => {
        // At this point, the response will be a 401 Error, so ignore the success case for now
    })
    .catch(error => {
        // This error will be a `401 Unauthorized` error, containing a WWW-Authenticate header with an error message such as "nonce_missing" or "nonce_malformed"
        // The correct way to handle this scenario is shown in the following step.
});
```

3. In order to extract the server nonce from said `WWW-Authenticate` header, MSAL exposes the `AuthenticationHeaderParser` class, which includes the `getShrNonce` API that will parse the server nonce out of the authentication headers it comes in:

```typescript
import { PublicClientApplication, AuthenticationHeaderParser } from "@azure/msal-browser";

...

// Make call to resource with SHR
return fetch(resourceEndpointData.endpoint, options)
    .then(response => response.json())
    .then(response => {
        // At this point, the response will be a 401 Error, so ignore the success case for now
    })
    .catch(error => {

>         // If error is 401 Unauthorized, contains WWW-Authenticate and error code is nonce_missing or nonce_expired

Reviewer: Can you add this logic here for completeness?

Author: Will do
